how's it going everybody this is our BTW
coming entered my NFC Championship game
prediction / preview video and before we
get started please let me know what your
prediction is to this game in the
comment section below just leave a
comment with what you thinking score is
going to be etc I'm and I fan on the
outside looking in this game of titans
fan as most of you already know so this
is a complete unbiased prediction and
you might not all agree with what I have
to say but it's what I have to say
disrespect my opinion and like I said
comment below with your score and I'll
inspect your opinion cuz everybody has
different opinions I no need to trash
into vice opinion but a man the game set
in so now this is the only game had
right coming into my initial predictions
my initial NFL playoff predictions had
the Falcons and the 49ers in the NFC
Championship game in the AFC side I had
a I had the Broncos beat the Ravens and
it all got screwed up when I went home I
had the bengals beat in texting so that
screwed up that bracket completely but I
did get the NFC side right so have props
to myself there but it's all set in
stone Falcons vs the 49ers in the
Georgia Dome as we all know the Falcons
group clinch home-field advantage before
the playoffs started they will have
home-field advantage off throughout the
playoffs except the Super Bowl because
we're honoring outside a super neutral
site but me and this is going to be such
a fun game to watch with both offices I
mean I'm a falcon side we had matt ryan
michael turner Dupri's Rogers shoe
insane ruin today man that was Herschel
Walker risk Julio Jones roddy white Tony
Gonzalez you had is one of his best
games or all my mother's best games but
he's having one of the best seasons in a
16-year career and he's just getting
better and better it seems like as he
gets older and older but they all had
amazing games tonight and it's gonna be
so fun to watch him and on the 49er side
of the ball it all starts the
quarterback quarterback Colin Kaepernick
Frank Gore Vernon Davis Michael Crabtree
Ted Ginn etc etc just insane players and
both sides the ball for both teams and
it's gonna be so fun to watch and how
about Colin Kaepernick breaking the
all-time rushing record for a
quarterback in his first ever playoff
start not just all-time rushing wreck
in a single game in a playoff game this
is all time and that's that's just
insane and it was against the Packers
defense which isn't really the best
defense really out there but i think the
falcons did a little bit better job
container Russell Wilson did against
Russell Wilson today then the Falcon I
mean then the Packers did with Colin
Kaepernick but I mean they're two
different animals really Colin
Kaepernick's I likes to run a little bit
more think Russell Wilson's a little bit
more established as a pure passer but
we'll see where that goes um I'm not
necessarily convinced that the Falcons
defense is much better than the Packers
some might have something else to say to
that but that's my opinion and I think
it can be very very tough for the
Falcons to contain Colin Kaepernick but
it will be fun though to see how they
try to contain him and a big key for the
Falcons in the game is what like you did
today contain Russell Wilson in the red
zone early on especially making them
feel on fourth-down conversions I got
kind of got lucky dinner before the half
they just ran a time the Seahawks did
but Big Chief like I said for the
Falcons containing Colin Kaepernick in
the red zone not letting them score
touchdowns on the ground making him
throw he is prone throwing interceptions
or at least making them kick pillows in
the red zone because the field goal I
believe for defense is a plus anything
but a touchdown is positive for a
defense 49ers side of the ball
established the wrong Colin Kaepernick
doesn't have to have as big as a game as
you did against the Packers but don't
turn the ball over um control the ball
just do what everything get first downs
come sure they'll have no problem gets a
Falcons defense be fun to see Michael
Crabtree Asante Samuel is going at it
and etc etc but man such a tough game to
pick but I think it comes down to the
running game and which team has a better
defense and I think we all can agree on
that's better defenses the 49ers and I
said that my initial video so you watch
my initial playoff predictions video
before this you probably knew how it's
going to pick that one into this video
so I'm gonna stick my 49ers pick let's
go I ain't
to school a little bit i'ma go 2724 when
I of the Atlanta Falcons they could put
me wrong I mean I'd love to see him 13
whim it would be fun though to see that
see all hardball Super Bowl but i still
think unless 4904 win 27-24 of the
atlanta falcons will be an awesome game
to watch so guess that's it guys so let
me know what you guys think the score to
this game is going to be in the comment
section below appreciate you guys
watching pre to appreciate you guys
commenting and please subscribe to my
channel if you haven't already as you
probably already know I'm doing all the
recaps playoff games and doing on
predictions to the playoff game so
thanks for watching have a great day
rule taco socks on the types to you I'll
see you later and have a nice day yes
have a nice day I feel like